good morning it's november
27 2020
and if you can believe it it's a friday
once again
here in l.a uh clear morning
very still right now 48 degrees
fahrenheit around nine celsius
this morning i was thinking about
phil spector sitting now in the slammer
convicted of murder and then i was
thinking back to
1950 1958 and phil
spector's first hit to know him
is to love him that's how it started for
phil
it was recorded by the teddy bears
which phil was a member
1958 to know him is to love him
should be going up to around 69 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
around 21 celsius
and it looks like we're going to be
enjoying once these
kind of gray out there disappears
we're going to be enjoying blue skies
and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day